Organize Getting Started into a table of action items (pre-req for onboarding guide) (#6140)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/get-started/setup-git-integration.md

---

> title: Setup Git Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Set Up Git Integration
```

> description: Once Internal Developer Portal module is enabled in your account, follow these steps to add a git integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Once the Internal Developer Portal module is enabled in your account, follow these steps to add a Git integration.
```

## Connector Setup

7. Connector setup

:::warning

### Limitations

- Only the following set of connectors are supported

  - GitHub
    - GitHub Enterprise
    - GitHub App
  - GitLab
  - Bitbucket
    - Bitbucket Cloud
    - Bitbucket Server
  - Azure Repository

- Only HTTP mode is supported. SSH connection type is not supported.
- API access is needed in the connector for the IDP catalog setup.
  :::

:::info

- Multiple Connectors with different hostname can be used for a single Git Provider at once.
- While setting up connector, both Account & Repo type for URL is supported.
- Connection through harness platform and delegate is supported.

> - You can provide the repository url to verify for repository read permission with the given host and credentials before saving the git integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can provide the repository URL to verify repository read permission with the given host and credentials before saving the Git integration.
```

  :::

In the **Connector** tab under IDP **Admin** you can add the connectors.
![](static/admin.png)
![](static/connector.png)

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<Tabs queryString="Connector">
<TabItem value="azure-connector" label="Azure Repository">

1. Select **Azure Repo** under **Create or Select a Connector**.
2. Click on the dropdown under **Azure Repo Connector** and select **+New Connector**.

> 3. [Connect to Azure Repos](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/code-repositories/connect-to-a-azure-repo). You can as well add multiple organizations as different connectors and use it together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Connect to Azure Repos](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/code-repositories/connect-to-a-azure-repo). You can also add multiple organizations as different connectors and use them together.
```

4. After the connection test runs, select Finish to save the connector.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="bitbucket-connector" label="Bitbucket">

1. Select **Bitbucket** under **Create or Select a Connector**.
2. Click on the dropdown under **Bitbucket Connector** and select **+New Connector**.
3. Configure the [Bitbucket connector settings](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/code-repositories/ref-source-repo-provider/bitbucket-connector-settings-reference).

:::info

Same secret can't be configured for both **Password & Personal Access token** as backstage makes use of API token to fetch data.
Create a secret with token and configure in the Personal Access token field. [Reference for creating token](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/personal-access-tokens-939515499.html)

![](./static/bitbucket-connector.png)

For **Bitbucket Cloud** the url needs to have **src** instead of **blob**. for eg. `https://bitbucket.org/org-name/repo-name/src/branch/harness-services/Organization/default.yaml`

:::

> 4. After the connection test runs, select Finish to save the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After the connection test runs, select **Finish** to save the connector.
```

4. After the connection test runs, select Finish to save the connector.

More instructions on [using github app in github connector](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/code-repositories/git-hub-app-support).

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="gitlab-connector" label="GitLab">

1. Select **GitLab** under **Create or Select a Connector**.
2. Click on the dropdown under **GitLab Connector** and select **+New Connector**.
3. Configure the [GitLab connector settings](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/code-repositories/ref-source-repo-provider/git-lab-connector-settings-reference). You can configure connectors for both `gitlab.com` and `GitLab on-prem` and use them at once to fetch `catalog-info.yaml` from both the sources at same time.
4. After the connection test runs, select Finish to save the connector.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::info

> The scope is tied to URL format `https://gitprovider.com/org-name` so it is mandatory for all the git providers to provide the URL till at least org name. Further it can be scoped down to repository or project level as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scope is tied to URL format `https://gitprovider.com/org-name`, so all the Git Providers must provide the URL until at least the org name. Further, it can be scoped down to the repository or project level as well.
```
